and we're back at the Education Center
Madison Square a location of the
Manitoba Liquor Mart thank you for
sticking around yeah thank you for
sticking around otherwise we'd know ten
minutes of dead air let's uh let's make
these great cupcakes or show the folks
at home how you made these okay well
it's a gluten-free recipe and it's a
really nice blend of flowers now you
might be wondering where do you get
these flowers a health food store or a
bulk store will carry these different
flowers so we have a coconut meal or
coconut or almond meal or an almond
flour we have coconut flour and then we
have chickpea flour and chickpea flours
local in Manitoba and it's a really
great flour to be using as as a blend in
flour three flowers and then we have the
corn starch as well that we're going to
add in and we have xanthan gum which is
a binder I'm gonna help to put things
together and then we have baking powder
so that we're just gonna mix that
together and that's our flour mixture
and then our mixer here we have a cup of
sugar and we're going to add in half a
cup of canola margarine so you want to
look for when you're looking at
margarine is a non hydrogenated margin
that's what it's for health and it's
easy to work with you'll just LT and
what we're doing here right so that's
just gonna combine together in a minute
we've separated three eggs so we have
the yolks and then I've whisked ahead of
time the egg whites that we're going to
add in so this is a standard you know
you've taken like your margarine and
your sugar and you're making that and
now we're just going to add in our eggs
hmm we'll bring that together so you
want to pre-heat your oven to 350 which
yeah the cupcakes take about 25 minutes
or so just so that they're nice and
golden brown all right so here we go
that didn't take long
no not long at all I'm gonna add in my
flour sure I mean lovely so we'll have
our flour go in
we're just gonna combine that oh you're
making a little bit I am well you know
that's why you're here okay so we're
just have this blended together that
looks good and then the key is to fold
in the egg whites and add the lemon
juice at the end all right so another
mix are we putting these in here yeah so
they make about 12 you know we have a
great online website that canola recipes
CA that has the icing it's a really
simple lemon zest canola icing so you're
just gonna fold this in it's always good
to do you know kind of in thirds or in
halves
so you just want it that's gonna help to
give it the airy and nice and light
I think when you're working with
gluten-free flours what do you really do
and but these are great for any type of
celebration that's you know if you have
a family member or a friend that what if
you don't it's eally yeah well it's so
make them they're healthy okay just just
one big why nots so then that all
combines and then we'll mix it on it put
it in our pan so you want to evenly
divide it out yeah okay
so little splotch yeah I'll get my scar
here we go yeah oh I make it that's all
right hey hey this is the fun fun fun
part of cooking so on our website if you
sign up for our bewell newsletter
it gives you great recipes will have
these recipes showcased of course you
know links to watch the show and the
website and so that's just that be well
under the at mcg canola now I'll just
I'll just take are you gonna take no I'm
just taking these ones out of the oven
Oh
and so finish filling those up about
those in the oven we'll see the rest
later and then this is the lovely best
really simple recipes so we have canola
margarine again that we're using helps
to bind it together a lemon zest icing
sugar oh and oh no it's just crumbly
it's delicious you're gonna have to have
quick break